## Introduction

- A points-to analysis is a dataflow analysis that provides the relationships between pointers and pointees. This can be done flow sensitively as well as flow insensitively. The flow sensitive analysis adheres to the control flow of a program and computes information at various program points. On the other hand, a flow-insensitive analysis disregards the control flow and provides a single piece of information that represents the points-to relationship holding everywhere in the program.
- The aim of this R&D project is to provide an implementation that supports the following features on any implementation of pointer analysis:
    * Serializing/Deserializing the PointsTo Information generated by the analysis.
    * Evaluating Soundness and Precision of the analysis.
- The above features are captured through two libraries libPointsToDump and libPTEval respectively. 
- All the user of these libraries needs to have is a points-to analysis implementation.
- We used a specific format to dump the points-to information in the JSON file. This allows us to use functions available in our libraries to check the soundness and evaluate the precision of the user’s implementation. Moreover, the information in the file can be queried back to obtain points-to information on a particular program point(for e.g. line number, in case of a flow sensitive analysis), or of a variable etc.
- It also allows us to compare various implementations by users and comment on why certain implementations are better than the other using the rich set of testcases provided in the library.
- The git repository for both the libraries can be accessed from here:
  * libPointsToDump:
      https://github.com/mehul11jain/libPointsToDump
  * libPTEval:
      https://github.com/mehul11jain/PT-Test-suite

